README.md, before:

# ILR Registrations Drupal 8 Site

This site serves as a Drupal-based version of https://register.ilr.cornell.edu, which is used to register users for classes and programs, track certificate progress, and process payments.

It is based on the [Composer template for Drupal projects][].

## Requirements

- git
- PHP 7.1 or greater
- Composer
- Drush ([Drush launcher][] is recommended, since a copy of Drush is included in this project)
- Node.js 8.x or greater (for theming)

## Setup

1. Clone this repository
2. Open a terminal at the root of the repo
3. Run `composer install`
4. Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and update the database connection, salesforce, and payment info.
5. Run `npm install && npm run build` to generate the CSS for the custom theme.

Setting up your local web server and database is left as an excercise for the developer. Please note when setting up your web server, though, that this project uses the `web` directory as the web root.

### Linked Composer Packages

As of this writing in March of 2019, three composer packages are linked to local directories for more rapid development:

- `drupal/erf`
- `drupal/union_organizer`
- `cornell/union`

This means that they won't be installed automatically by composer. It also means that you'll need these projects in the following hard-coded locations:

- /Users/Shared/src/erf
- /Users/Shared/src/union
- /Users/Shared/src/union_organizer

These directories generally contain git repos. This script snippet can help get them set up, assuming `/Users/Shared/src/` already exists:

```
cd /Users/Shared/src/ && \
git clone git@git.drupal.org:project/erf.git && \
git clone git@github.com:ilrWebServices/union.git && \
git clone git@github.com:ilrWebServices/union_organizer.git
```

In general, you'll want to check out the `master` branch for each of those repositories.

Once the code in those modules is stable, they will be switched to versioned dependencies.

### Development-only Settings

You may wish to configure some settings (cache, config splits, etc.) for local development. To do so, you may optionally add a `settings.local.php` file to `web/sites/default/`.

Here's a suggested example:

```
<?php

// Allow any domain to access the site.
$settings['trusted_host_patterns'] = array();

// Enable the config split for development-only modules, like field_ui.
$config['config_split.config_split.dev']['status'] = TRUE;

// Enable local development services.
$settings['container_yamls'][] = DRUPAL_ROOT . '/sites/development.services.yml';

// Show all error messages, with backtrace information.
$config['system.logging']['error_level'] = 'verbose';

// Disable CSS and JS aggregation.
$config['system.performance']['css']['preprocess'] = FALSE;
$config['system.performance']['js']['preprocess'] = FALSE;

// Skip file system permissions hardening.
$settings['skip_permissions_hardening'] = TRUE;
```

### Clean install

To work on a blank slate of the codebase without syncing content and data from production, install Drupal like so:

```
$ drush si minimal --config-dir=../config/sync
```

## Adding and Updating Modules and Other Dependencies

Use standard composer commands to add, remove, and update project dependencies. To add the rules module, for example, run:

```
$ composer require drupal/rules:~1.0
```

To add a module for developer use only, which will prevent its installation on the production site, use the `--dev` paramater, like so:

```
$ composer require --dev drupal/devel:~1.0
```

## Patching Contributed modules

If you need to apply patches (depending on the project being modified, a pull
request is often a better solution), you can do so with the
[composer-patches][] plugin.

To add a patch to drupal module foobar insert the patches section in the extra
section of composer.json:
```json
"extra": {
    "patches": {
        "drupal/foobar": {
            "Patch description": "URL or local path to patch"
        }
    }
}
```

## Updating Drupal core

```
$ composer update drupal/core webflo/drupal-core-require-dev symfony/* --with-dependencies
```

Then run `git diff` to determine if any of the scaffolding files have changed.

Review changes and restore any customizations to `.htaccess` or `robots.txt`. Commit everything together in a single commit (or merge), so `web` will remain in sync with `core` when checking out branches or running `git bisect`.

## Salesforce Integration

When installing the site from scratch, you'll need to configure two groups of settings to connect to Salesforce.

As of this writing (January 2019), you can get values for these settings from the production instance of the Drupal 7 site. Search the `variables` table for the following keys:

- `salesforce_consumer_key`
- `salesforce_consumer_secret`
- `salesforce_endpoint` (AKA `login_url`)
- `salesforce_instance_url`
- `salesforce_refresh_token`

### 1. Remote/Connected App Settings

These are set in `settings.php` via environment variables. For developers, this means adding them to your `.env` file. See the Setup section above.

### 2. Authorization Settings

These are set using the Drupal 8 State API, so they cannot be added via config or config overrides. Once you have the values for the instance URL and refresh token from the production site, you can add them to your local state using drush:

```
$ drush state-set salesforce.instance_url [VALUE_FROM_PROD_SITE]
$ drush state-set salesforce.refresh_token [VALUE_FROM_PROD_SITE]
```

## Theme Development

This project uses a custom theme that includes shared components from the [Union Component Library][].

The custom theme is found in `web/themes/custom/union_register/`. The Sass CSS preprocessor is used for styles, and you can compile CSS either 1) manually via `npm run build` or 2) automatically by running `npm start` in a spare terminal.

### Including Union Components

Union Components are integrated into the theme using the [Union Organizer][] module. See the documentation for that module for more information.

### Livereload

If you set `LIVERELOAD=1` in your `.env` file and reload your browser while `npm start` is running, changes to stylesheets will reload automatically in your browser.


[Composer template for Drupal projects]: https://github.com/drupal-composer/drupal-project
[Drush launcher]: https://github.com/drush-ops/drush-launcher
[composer-patches]: https://github.com/cweagans/composer-patches
[Union Component Library]: https://github.com/ilrWebServices/union
[Union Organizer]: https://github.com/ilrWebServices/union_organizer

Commit message:

Update readme with git submodules info

README.md, after:

# ILR Registrations Drupal 8 Site

This site serves as a Drupal-based version of https://register.ilr.cornell.edu, which is used to register users for classes and programs, track certificate progress, and process payments.

It is based on the [Composer template for Drupal projects][].

## Requirements

- git
- PHP 7.1 or greater
- Composer
- Drush ([Drush launcher][] is recommended, since a copy of Drush is included in this project)
- Node.js 8.x or greater (for theming)

## Setup

1. Clone this repository
2. Open a terminal at the root of the repo
3. Run `composer install`
4. Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and update the database connection, salesforce, and payment info.
5. Run `npm install && npm run build` to generate the CSS for the custom theme.

Setting up your local web server and database is left as an excercise for the developer. Please note when setting up your web server, though, that this project uses the `web` directory as the web root.

### Git submodules

As of this writing in May of 2019, three projects that would normally be included via Composer are included as [git submodules][] for more rapid development:

- `drupal/erf`
- `drupal/union_organizer`
- `cornell/union`

This means that they won't be installed automatically by Composer. It also means that these projects will be nested git repositories in the following locations:

- web/modules/contrib/erf
- web/libraries/union/
- web/modules/contrib/union_organizer

Once the code is stable in these projects, they will be switched to versioned Composer dependencies.

### Development-only Settings

You may wish to configure some settings (cache, config splits, etc.) for local development. To do so, you may optionally add a `settings.local.php` file to `web/sites/default/`.

Here's a suggested example:

```
<?php

// Allow any domain to access the site.
$settings['trusted_host_patterns'] = array();

// Enable the config split for development-only modules, like field_ui.
$config['config_split.config_split.dev']['status'] = TRUE;

// Enable local development services.
$settings['container_yamls'][] = DRUPAL_ROOT . '/sites/development.services.yml';

// Show all error messages, with backtrace information.
$config['system.logging']['error_level'] = 'verbose';

// Disable CSS and JS aggregation.
$config['system.performance']['css']['preprocess'] = FALSE;
$config['system.performance']['js']['preprocess'] = FALSE;

// Skip file system permissions hardening.
$settings['skip_permissions_hardening'] = TRUE;
```

### Clean install

To work on a blank slate of the codebase without syncing content and data from production, install Drupal like so:

```
$ drush si minimal --config-dir=../config/sync
```

## Adding and Updating Modules and Other Dependencies

Use standard composer commands to add, remove, and update project dependencies. To add the rules module, for example, run:

```
$ composer require drupal/rules:~1.0
```

To add a module for developer use only, which will prevent its installation on the production site, use the `--dev` paramater, like so:

```
$ composer require --dev drupal/devel:~1.0
```

## Patching Contributed modules

If you need to apply patches (depending on the project being modified, a pull
request is often a better solution), you can do so with the
[composer-patches][] plugin.

To add a patch to drupal module foobar insert the patches section in the extra
section of composer.json:
```json
"extra": {
    "patches": {
        "drupal/foobar": {
            "Patch description": "URL or local path to patch"
        }
    }
}
```

## Updating Drupal core

```
$ composer update drupal/core webflo/drupal-core-require-dev symfony/* --with-dependencies
```

Then run `git diff` to determine if any of the scaffolding files have changed.

Review changes and restore any customizations to `.htaccess` or `robots.txt`. Commit everything together in a single commit (or merge), so `web` will remain in sync with `core` when checking out branches or running `git bisect`.

## Salesforce Integration

When installing the site from scratch, you'll need to configure two groups of settings to connect to Salesforce.

As of this writing (January 2019), you can get values for these settings from the production instance of the Drupal 7 site. Search the `variables` table for the following keys:

- `salesforce_consumer_key`
- `salesforce_consumer_secret`
- `salesforce_endpoint` (AKA `login_url`)
- `salesforce_instance_url`
- `salesforce_refresh_token`

### 1. Remote/Connected App Settings

These are set in `settings.php` via environment variables. For developers, this means adding them to your `.env` file. See the Setup section above.

### 2. Authorization Settings

These are set using the Drupal 8 State API, so they cannot be added via config or config overrides. Once you have the values for the instance URL and refresh token from the production site, you can add them to your local state using drush:

```
$ drush state-set salesforce.instance_url [VALUE_FROM_PROD_SITE]
$ drush state-set salesforce.refresh_token [VALUE_FROM_PROD_SITE]
```

## Theme Development

This project uses a custom theme that includes shared components from the [Union Component Library][].

The custom theme is found in `web/themes/custom/union_register/`. The Sass CSS preprocessor is used for styles, and you can compile CSS either 1) manually via `npm run build` or 2) automatically by running `npm start` in a spare terminal.

### Including Union Components

Union Components are integrated into the theme using the [Union Organizer][] module. See the documentation for that module for more information.

### Livereload

If you set `LIVERELOAD=1` in your `.env` file and reload your browser while `npm start` is running, changes to stylesheets will reload automatically in your browser.


[Composer template for Drupal projects]: https://github.com/drupal-composer/drupal-project
[Drush launcher]: https://github.com/drush-ops/drush-launcher
[git submodules]: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules
[composer-patches]: https://github.com/cweagans/composer-patches
[Union Component Library]: https://github.com/ilrWebServices/union
[Union Organizer]: https://github.com/ilrWebServices/union_organizer
